---
title: A Day Off
date: 2025-01-17 23:00:00 +0100
categories: [Site, Update]
tags: [personal, pictures, site]
image:
 path: assets/pics/20220112_Twilight.jpg
 alt: "<a href='/photos/#2022'><i class='fas fa-camera'></i> Twilight 2022 <i class='fas fa-up-right-from-square'></i> </a>"
description: "205 Days to Prepare. I took a day off training and updated the page..."
---


> **205** Days to Prepare. <br class='brS'/><i class='fas fa-location-dot'></i> *North-Holland, The Netherlands*. <br class='brSM'/>
> [<i class='fas fa-chart-line'></i> Quick Overview ](/welcome/#quick-overview) <br> 
{: .prompt-quick }


Today was my *"Day-off"* concerning training. 
I did have a bit of a sports day none-the-less in the form of 
an [Airsoft Skirm!  <i class='fas fa-up-right-from-square'></i>](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Airsoft) 
I've also started sharing this page and URL with more people. 


And even though it still feels a bit weird and awkward, 
I do think it will be an extra motivator for me to see it through. 


## Technical Update

Searching and fixing spelling and syntax, wherever I found them. 
I tend to make the same mistakes over and over *(Story of my live* 😅*)*.
But this does make the "Search and Replace" function super useful.


I've also started with the HTML-page creation from scratch, 
but I'm doubting if this will be a more efficient way of creating this page. 
Because I would need/want to create some more *"sophisticated"* automation. 
Mainly an easy way to create new post entries and keep them in a nice and readable format, 
without having to continuously create the same HTML-code. 
I'm sure there are ways to do this, 
but I'm not sure if I have the skill to create or implement this. 


For now, this  Github-Page setup serves me fine and it allows me to quickly type posts and check the layout. 
*(Without fussing with CSS Stylesheets!)* 
And I rather focus on the actual preparation and writing, 
instead of struggling for hours on code that's way above my skill level. 
In the meantime I'm trying to implement the functions that I would really like to see on this page here. 
And if I do find it necessary or things will not work the way I like, 
I could always find another solution! 
*(There are so many online website builders nowadays, that I'm sure I will find an alternative.)*


<br>
So yeah, I think that's about it for today.
{: .quote }
*Cheers,* <br>
I-Jun <i class='fas fa-person-hiking fa-fw'></i><i class='fas fa-mountain-sun fa-fw'></i> <br>
[<i class='fab fa-github fa-fw'></i>  Github.com @ MyPilgrimage](https://github.com/MyPilgrimage/MyPilgrimage.github.io) <br>
[<i class='fab fa-reddit fa-fw'></i>  Reddit.com @ /u/I-Jun_Pilgrimage](https://www.reddit.com/user/I-Jun_Pilgrimage/) <br>
[<i class='fas fa-envelope fa-fw'></i>  Mail @ iJun.Pilgrimage@gmail.com](mailto:iJun.Pilgrimage@gmail.com) <br>
